Made SentrySinkExtensions.ConfigureSentrySerilogOptions internal (#2902)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - SentrySinkExtensions.ConfigureSentrySerilogOptions is now internal. This change shouldn't impact SDK users as the method was likely only ever used for testing. ([#2902](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2902)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SentrySinkExtensions.ConfigureSentrySerilogOptions was made internal. If you relied on it, please use XYZ instead. All the same arguments are available on it. ([#2902](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2902)) 
```
